Live link : https://shuvro18.github.io/assignment-4/

📋 Job Application Tracker
A simple and efficient web application designed to help users track the status of their job applications. This project demonstrates core concepts of JavaScript DOM manipulation, event handling, and dynamic UI updates.

🚀 Features
Job Status Updates: Users can easily update the status of any job to 'Interview' or 'Rejected' by clicking the respective buttons.

Dynamic Filtering: Features a filtering system to view jobs by categories: 'All', 'Interview', and 'Rejected'.

Real-time Counters: The application automatically calculates and displays the total number of jobs and the count for each specific category.

Delete Functionality: Includes the ability to remove job applications from the tracker entirely using a delete button.

Empty State Handling: Displays a "No jobs available" message and illustration when a filtered category contains no data.

Modern UI/UX: Built with a clean, responsive interface using Tailwind CSS and DaisyUI components.

🛠 Technologies Used
HTML5: Used for structuring the application.

Tailwind CSS & DaisyUI: Utilized for modern, responsive styling and pre-built UI components.

JavaScript (ES6+): Handles the application logic, array management, and DOM updates.

Font Awesome: Integrated for scalable vector icons.

Google Fonts (Geist): Used for professional typography.

## 📂 File Structure

```text
├── index.html    # Main HTML structure and layout
├── script.js     # Core application logic and interaction
├── jobs.png      # Image used for empty state notification
└── README.md     # Project documentation
```

⚙️ How It Works
1. Initial State: By default, all jobs are listed as "Not Applied" within the main container.

2. Event Delegation: A single event listener is attached to the main section to efficiently handle clicks on "Interview", "Rejected", and "Delete" buttons.

3. Data Management: Selected jobs are stored in specific arrays (interviewArr, rejectedArr) to manage their states dynamically.

4. Dynamic Rendering: When a filter is applied, the application clears the display and re-renders the cards based on the filtered data arrays.

🛠 Installation
To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

Bash
git clone https://github.com/your-username/job-application-tracker.git
2. Navigate to the project folder:

Bash
cd job-application-tracker
3. Open index.html in any modern web browser.

